this is a good story one of the many
people stranded in Florida is Kristen
Bell the actress you know she was
shooting a movie in Orlando and they
evacuated two big groups of nursing home
residents and moved them into her hotel
in Disneyworld so Kristen decided since
they were all cooped up to make it fun
for them this is from her Instagram she
wrote there are a few thousand senior
residents who got evacuated to our hotel
we're gonna make lemonade out of Emma as
best we can and I'm fueling up the only
way I know how in order to call a few
hours of bingo she called bingo they had
a bingo game for them they had
wheelchair races at midnight she ate
with them
there she is dining with her new friends
all their grandkids are going to be very
jealous when they find out they had
dinner with Princess Anna and then
anyway we contacted Kristen she's still
there in the hotel and all the senior
citizens are there in a hotel and I
believe we have her a lot do we have her
live yes
oh here we've been making the most of a
crazy situation it sounds like you are
is everybody okay there right now
everybody's fine
we've gotten through it really well
mainly because of Gary right here yeah
Aries the main man here we're at Walt
Disney World's Swan and dolphin resort
Gary's been running the roost over here
and Gary is exhausted because he's been
running toilet paper to people's rooms
at 2:00 in the morning handing out water
Wow yeah nicely booth Gary that's well I
mean really running toilet paper to
people's rooms the last time I slept was
Friday night woke up Saturday morning
we've been at the hotel my team and I
like 72 hours our people are Gary our
people asking for toilet paper are you
just delirious and running it today with
[Laughter]
Kristen I believe I recognize the
gentleman to your right is that the guy
that you sang with on the video yes hi
John it's my side piece here in Orlando
[Laughter]
[Applause]
I'm in California how are you with
beautiful women do you hear what he said
he's smart
Wow miss her yes hurricane is working
out beautifully for John we have
everyone here from atria
hi everyone living unbeli awesome we
have so many people and it's not just
seniors
Wow that is Kristen you really are the
best I mean that is unbelievable that
you're doing all this stuff for everyone
I know you got Saabs your families
everybody all right well please give our
love to all the families in the dogs hey
maybe you and John could do a little
duet for us before we go I saw you guys
sleep together I told him you're a
Johnny Carson because he didn't know who
you were
[Applause]
he says he hopes you enjoy the show and
you can have a singing you can run our
video I posted something on Instagram
Thank You Kristen and
that's personnel
thanks for watching if you liked that
subscribe to our YouTube channel for all
the latest videos and if did it
subscribe anyway it's free who cares